User agreement of ORYZA

The ecophysiological rice model, ORYZA, embodies our best understanding to date of the biogeochemistry of crop growth, and cycling of carbon, nitrogen, and water in crop field ecosystem.  The primary purpose of the model is to provide a tool for rice ecosystem analysis, test the consistency of data, evaluate the effects of changes in management and climate on rice production, and optimize rice field management. 

Evolution of the model will continue with an improved understanding of biogeochemical and plant physiological processes, and other management aspects. The identification of weak areas which the model is yet to quantify adequately is the key to further model development. Ideally, a model application on different cases will lead to the identification of needed research and experimentation.

We value the experiences and comments of our collaborators in using ORYZA and encourage their feedbacks on the current model, as well as insights and suggestions for future model improvement. It would be particularly helpful if users would communicate such feedback, formally or informally, and if possible, share with us documented model applications including manuscripts, papers, procedures, or individual model development.

The copyright of the versions of ORYZA2000 and ORYZA belongs to International Rice Research Institute (IRRI), a non-profit research center of Consultative Group on International Agricultural Research (CGIAR), at Los Baños, Philippines. Any type of publication, a media report and secondary development using ORYZA must acknowledge the model developer(s) and IRRI.

Neither IRRI nor CGIAR, nor any of their employees, warrants or assumes any legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information, apparatus, product, or process disclosed or represents that its use would not infringe privately owned rights.  Reference to any special commercial products, process, or service by trade-name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not necessarily constitute or imply endorsement, recommendation, or favor coming from the IRRI or CGIAR.  The views and opinions of the authors do not necessarily state or reflect those of IRRI or CGIAR and shall not be used for advertising, product endorsement and any commercial purposes.
